This project is designed to allow us to pause threads in Jmeter for
a period of time, with the idea that some number of threads should
be allowed to catch up with other threads so that they all move forward
at the same time.

This jar file provides you a new Config Element under the "Config Elements"
menu in jmeter and a new sampler under "Samplers."

The Config element allows you to specify a name and a starting value.
A jmeter variable will be created with the name you specify and a
reference to a CheckpointObject will be stored in that name.

The sampler will call the CheckpointObject's "decrement" method,
which will decrement the current value of the checkpoint object and
then check to see if it's zero. If it is not zero, the thread will
go to sleep until it becomes zero, which must happen in a different
thread.

If it is zero, it will wake up all currently sleeping threads and
reset the checkpoint's value to its start value. That is why in the
example, all debug samplers show the checkpoint value as 3.

Since it binds to jmeter variables, you should be able to have more
than one checkpoint config element and checkpoints. I haven't tested
this extensively (IE: at all) yet.

Threading stuff can be quite complex, so you might need to mess around
with values to get things just right.

I've poked at jmeter variables a bit and it appears that separate
copies are created for each thread. At some point it would be nice
(and dangerous) to be able to create some thread global ones so
we could communicate without having to write to a file. It wouldn't be
terribly difficult to base one off of the objects in this plugin, if
someone wants to do that before I get around to it. Please let me
know if you do, might save me a couple hours work later on.

Installation:

Drop the jar file in your jmeter lib/ext directory.

Building:

I use maven to build it, and my pom.xml makes some assumptions about where
stuff lives. If you want to build it yourself, you'll have to change your
pom.xml a bit. So change the directories pointing at your jmeter install
directory and then go "mvn package". That oughta do it. 